Add instructions for generating TPCH dataset. (#52)
dotnet/spark: benchmark/README.md

===

# Generate Data
1. [Download](http://www.tpc.org/tpc_documents_current_versions/current_specifications.asp) the TPC-H benchmark tool.

> Follow the instructions for registration and download the tool and copy to local disk with free space larger than 300GB.

Author: Okay, thanks.

2. Build the dbgen tool.
    - Decompress the zip file, then navigate to `dbgen` folder.
    - The TPC-H README contains instructions on how to build the tool in Linux.
    - For Windows users, you can generate the dbgen.exe using Visual Studio: 

>         - i. In the `dbgen` folder, you will see `tpch.sln`, open it using Visual Studio (VS2015 or VS2017 should work).

Author: Tested vs2019, it worked. Discussed with @suhsteve offline that no need to specify the version since all the version worked. Also add that only need to build dbgen, no need to build qgen.

>         - ii. Click on tab “Build”, then “Build Solution”. 

Author: Okay, thanks.

        - iii. Once the build is successful, it should generate `dbgen.exe` and `qgen.exe` in the `Debug` folder.

3. Generate the data.

>     - The TPC-H README contains instructions on how to generate a database population in Linux OS.

Author: Okay, thanks.

    - For Windows users:

>         - i. Copy `dbgen.exe` to the `dbgen` folder

Author: Okay, thanks.

>         - ii. Open cmd terminal, navigate to `dbgen` folder, and type command: `dbgen -vf -s 300`, which is generating 300GB TPCH dataset. It could take up to 40 hours to complete. Note that you can use command: `dbgen -h`, to check all the options. 

Author: Sounds good.

>     - After database population generation is completed, you will see 8 tables (customer, lineitem, nation, orders, part, partsupp, region, supplier) in tbl format:

Reviewer: `tbl format.` no?

Author: Corrected it. Thanks.

>     - After database population generation is completed, you will see 8 tables (customer, lineitem, nation, orders, part, partsupp, region, supplier) in tbl format:

Author: Okay, thanks.

4. Convert TPCH dataset to parquet format. 

> You can write your own code or copy paste a simple Spark application [code](https://github.com/laserljy/spark-1/commit/c01ba709f7797e55ed96ff4fcd23f090f26b5bcf), and run the job to convert the TPCH dataset to parquet format. 

Reviewer: You can write your own application or use [this Spark application](...) as follow:
```
how to run your app here
```

Author: I ran the in IntelliJ, but have not tried running the job via spark-sumbit. So how about adding that "Copy paste the provided code in IntelliJ to run the job"?

Reviewer: Check #62 for usage I put. Since this is part of benchmark project, you can just build the package and pass the jar to the spark-submit (and get rid of "you can write your own code")

===

# Generate Data

> 1. Download the available dbgen tool from TPC org: http://www.tpc.org/tpc_documents_current_versions/current_specifications.asp

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [Download](http://www.tpc.org/tpc_documents_current_versions/current_specifications.asp) the TPC-H benchmark tool.
```

> There are many different Benchmarks, you just need to download the corresponding tool for TPC-H. Click on Download TPC-H_Tools_[version].zip

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the registration instructions, download to local disk with at least 300GB free.
```

Follow the instructions for registration and download the tool and copy to local disk with free space larger than 300GB.

2. Build the dbgen tool.

> Decompress the zip file, then navigate to “dbgen” folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Decompress the zip file, then navigate to “dbgen” folder.
```

> In the README, it has the instruction on how to build the tool in Linux.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The TPC-H README contains instructions on how to build the tool in Linux.
```

> For Windows users, you can generate the dbgen.exe using Visual Studio: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For Windows users, you can generate the dbgen.exe using Visual Studio: 
```

> (a)	In the “dbgen” folder, you will see “tpch.sln”, open it using Visual Studio (VS2015 or VS2017 should work).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. In the `dbgen` folder, you will see `tpch.sln`, open it using Visual Studio (VS2015 or VS2017 should work).
```
etc with (b) and (c)

(b)	Click on tab “Build”, then “Build Solution”. 
(c)	Once the build is successful, it should generate "dbgen.exe" and "qgen.exe " in the “Debug” folder.

3. Generate the data.

> In the README, it has the instructions on how to generate a database population in Linux OS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The TPC-H README contains instructions on how to generate a database population in Linux OS.
```

> For Windows users, you can:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For Windows users:
```

> (a)	Copy “dbgen.exe” from “Debug” folder to the “dbgen” folder. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. Copy `dbgen.exe` to the `dbgen` folder
```

> (b)	Open cmd terminal, navigate to “dbgen” folder, and type command: dbgen -vf -s 300, which is generating 300GB TPCH dataset. It could take up to 40 hours to complete. Note that you can use command: dbgen -h, to check all the options. 

Reviewer 2: 2. The following will generate a 300GB TPC-H dataset:
   ```dos
   cd /d \path\to\dbgen
   dbgen.exe -vf -s 300
   ```
> *Note*: Generating 300GB can take up to 40 hours to complete.

> After database population generation is completed, you will see 8 tables with .tbl format:

Reviewer 2: The following files will be created:
- customer.tbl
- lineitem.tbl
- nation.tbl
- orders.tbl
- part.tbl
- partsupp.tbl
- region.tbl
- supplier.tbl
